War Engines first pass (#28)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/weapon-mount-examples.adoc

The Imperial Warhound Titan has two weapon mounts:

* *Left Arm* and *Right Arm* (both `Front 90°`).

> Each mount usually holds a weapon system named Weapon Battery (Firepower `6`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, each mount holds a weapon system named Weapon Battery (Firepower `6`).
```
